DOCSP-33716 Add docs release notes for w/e October 20 (#3060)
mongodb/docs-realm: docs-release-notes.md

# October 20, 2023

## Kotlin SDK

> - Landing Page: Add card fo Offline Login project to Example Projects section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Landing Page: Add card for Offline Login project to Example Projects section.
```

> -  Realm/Read & Write Data/Delete: Update page with sections on embedded objects, RealmSet elements, values of Realm Any properties, and objects and their related objects. Update code examples. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Realm/Read & Write Data/Delete: Update page with sections on embedded objects, RealmSet elements, RealmAny properties, and objects and their related objects. Update code examples. 
```

## .NET SDK

> - Model Data/Define an Object Model: Document that you cannot set default values for collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Model Data/Define an Object Model: Update Default Field Values section to note that you cannot set default values for collections.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## React Native SDK

- Install Realm: Clarify that the install instructions are geared towards developers working with a bare React Native app. Include links to "Bootstrap with Expo" page for install instructions for developers using Expo. 
- Bootstrap with Expo: Add link to compatibility chart to determine which version of Expo is compatible with a React Native SDK version. 
- Manage Users
  - Authenticate Users: Add new reference table for ``useAuth`` and update page with new information on authentication hooks. 
  - Manage Email/Password Users: Update examples and content with new information on authentication hooks and add new reference table for ``userEmailPasswordAuth``. 
  - Link User Identities: Add new procedure with updated examples for authentication hooks. 
- API Reference/@realm/react Package Reference: Add instructions for creating a new app with ``@realm/react``.

> - Internal: Update metro bundler dependencies to fix simulator run time problems. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Internal: Update metro bundler dependencies to fix simulator runtime problems. 
```
